Is my work boring, is my engineering life boring? I have to say sometimes
it is. There many times that we were asked to clean, and I hate
cleaning. But at least for the aircraft carrier that I was on, you clean
all the time, every single day, at least one hour. For some of
the training that we do it's also boring. Especially the things that
you don't know well, then it's just coming at you and your mind just
kind of blanks out. For the things that you do know well, then you've
heard it thousands and thousands of times, so you don't really pay
attention to that either. It's the things in the middle, that you
know fifty sixty percent of and you have that kind of interest in okay
well what what is it that I'm missing? But those times are not all
the time. So it can be boring, but I think whether stem careers are
boring should be seen in the range of other jobs. So you can say
is a McDonald's career boring? Well you're flipping burgers and maybe
the first couple weeks it's interesting, I'm learning this, and I
know how to push this button, but then after you do for a long time
then it gets kind of repetitive. So as with every other job, STEM jobs
can be repetitive sometimes. It's important to kind of get the job
that you think you're interested in so you have very few of those
repetitive days.